#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-gpu
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tf-slim
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sacrebleu
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
etils[enp,epath]==1.0.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.80.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth==2.16.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.51.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
h5py==3.8.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via etils
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
kaggle==1.5.13
    # via tf-models-official
keras==2.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==15.0.6.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
lxml==4.9.2
    # via sacrebleu
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycocotools
    #   tf-models-official
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   etils
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seqeval
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-gpu
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via tf-models-official
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python-headless==4.7.0.72
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-addons
    #   tensorflow-gpu
pandas==1.5.3
    # via tf-models-official
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   tf-models-official
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via sacrebleu
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-gpu
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycocotools==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via kaggle
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via tf-models-official
regex==2022.10.31
    # via sacrebleu
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   kaggle
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
sacrebleu==2.3.1
    # via tf-models-official
scikit-learn==1.2.1
    # via seqeval
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tf-models-official
sentencepiece==0.1.97
    # via tf-models-official
seqeval==1.2.2
    # via tf-models-official
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   oauth2client
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sacrebleu
tensorboard==2.9.1
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.9.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-addons==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-datasets==4.8.3
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-estimator==2.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
tensorflow-gpu==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-text
    #   tf-models-official
tensorflow-io==0.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
    #   tensorflow-io
tensorflow-metadata==1.12.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.7.3
    # via tf-models-official
tensorflow-text==2.9.0
    # via tf-models-official
termcolor==2.2.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-gpu
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-models-official==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-gpu
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-gpu
zipp==3.15.0
    # via etils

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
